Updated README to more clearly state that linguist runs in a Git repo (#4856)
github/linguist: README.md

…
```

#### Single file

Alternatively you can find stats for a single file using the `github-linguist` executable.

You can try running `github-linguist` on files in this repository itself:

```console

> $ bundle exec bin/github-linguist grammars.yml

Reviewer: Whooops. I've just realised we detail global gem installation instructions and then suggest using bundler to exec which won't work.

Mind changing this to:

```suggestion
$ github-linguist grammars.yml
```

... and whilst you're at it, would you mind doing the same in the "Git Repository" section above? 🙇‍♂️

If you experience an issue with the syntax-highlighting on GitHub, **please report the issue to the upstream grammar repository, not here.**
Grammars are updated every time we build the Linguist gem so upstream bug fixes are automatically incorporated as they are fixed.

> ### I get an error when using Linguist on a directory that is not a Git repo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### I get an error when using Linguist on a directory that is not a Git repository
```

> When specifying a directory Linguist only works on Git repos -- at the root -- and only on committed changes. It's
> primary use is on GitHub.com which uses bare repositories and thus changes need to be committed as individual files don't show on the filesystem.

Reviewer: I think we can simplify this. How about a slight wording tweak:

```suggestion
Linguist only works on Git repositories and individual files. Its primary use is on GitHub.com which uses bare
repositories and thus changes need to be committed as individual files don't show on the filesystem.
```

> As a work around you could initialise a temporary Git repo in your directory as demonstrated in this

Reviewer: We prefer not to abbreviate in documentation outside of code samples.

```suggestion
As a work around you could initialise a temporary Git repository in your directory as demonstrated in this
```

Author: I can appreciate that.
